
---        ---        --- Page 2 ---        ---        --- 

Our goal was to ensure that the service would be as easy to 
navigate as possible. 
As you've likely noticed, the home page consists of three 
main options:

I) AirLine Query Solver: The primary option, guiding you to 
the settings where you can configure the dataset path 
and output format. 
Once the configuration is complete, you can proceed to run 
the Solver.

II) Instructions: The menu you are currently exploring. 
Clearly self-explanatory, it provides all the information 
necessary about our software.

III) Exit: Another easily understandable option. Selecting 
this will close our software, cleaning all necessary memory 
to run the system.


Now, let's delve into the Settings:

IV) Dataset Path: It is recommended to provide the path to 
the folder containing the dataset with the files 
Users, Flights, Passengers, Reservations. 
After entering the path, you can save your selection and 
modify it as needed. 
Our service is ready to efficiently populate the catalogs 
with the correct data.
Note that if no dataset path is inserted, we provide a
default alternative.

Warning: If by any chance the user selected the option to
insert the path and decided to use the default 
alternative anyway, it may be required to insert the default 
path manually if any special key was pressed.

V) Output Format: Choose the desired output format.
The selected option will be highlighted by a blue box. 

    - TXT format: Presents the output in separated txt files
    generated and viewable on the user's local system.

    - One by One: Displays all outputs sequentially on a 
    single window.

    - Number of pages: Presents the output in a window with 
    the specified number of pages featuring a navigation
    system for quick access to any entry.

    - Outputs per page: Presents the output in a window with
    as many outputs per page as the specified amount and
    the system will calculate the suitable number of pages
    accordingly. Also comes with a navigation feature.
    
    
Once satisfied with the selected settings, 
the user can proceed to run the Solver.



